Who?
Open your eyes and take a good look at who this girl is
I love who
The Holy Land of the Demon World is where you want to come
Go away, Sorghum
Shadow Lingxiongxing
Better do as he says
Otherwise we won't see you
Hey, sister-in-law is back.
I'll spare you today.
Stop
Video Kamiya
Why are you here?
Also know the video Kamiya
It seems that you are not blind either.
Ah, I remember. You must be the thief.
Steal my creature
See how I treat you
Stop
You're sick of living, aren't you?
Even the man with the bones dares to move
Roll yes
Yu Chen See brother-in-law
My brother-in-law heard that Shadow Woodland is in the devil world
It is said that the owner is a half-fairy
I didn't expect that person to be you
Since the day my sister died
I've been working hard here
In order to one day get rid of snow hatred
Storm snow hate
So you all want to kill my father, right?
But he's still my dad after all
This is my blood feud
Have to report
Now my brother-in-law has a divine bone
But
I want Lord Gu Wang to help you improve the power of divine bones
I'm afraid it's not an ancient king of consciousness